Apply clips to composited bounds (#965)
browserengineering/book: book/animations.md

class ClipRRect(VisualEffect):
    def map(self, rect):
        bounds = skia.Rect.MakeXYWH(
            rect.x(), rect.y(),
            rect.width(), rect.height())

>         bounds.intersect(self.rrect.rect())

Reviewer: I think the first three lines here are just copying `rect`, right? We usually use `.makeOffset(0.0, 0.0)` for that.

    def absolute_bounds(self):
        rect = skia.Rect.MakeEmpty()
        for item in self.display_items:
            rect.join(local_to_absolute(item, item.rect))
        return rect
```

The blue square should now be underneath the green square, so overlap
testing is now complete.[^not-really]

> However, this now makes `absolute_bounds`'s size a bit different than
> `composited_bounds`, in situations where there are clips in the visual effect
> path to the root. Let's fix that by also applying those clips to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's one more situation worth thinking about, though. Suppose we have
a huge composited layer, containing a lot of text, except that most of that
layer is clipped out by a `ClipRRect` somewhere above it. Then the
`absolute_bounds` consider the clip operations and the `composited_bounds`
don't, meaning that we'll make a much larger composited layer than necessary
and waste a lot of time raster pixels that the user will never see. This situation
actually happens a lot when scrollable elements are drawn to the screen. 

Let's fix that by also applying those clips to
```

`composited_bounds`, so that we can properly minimize the amount of raster
happening in each `CompositedLayer`.[^clipping-notes] We'll do it by first
computing the absolute bounds for each item, then mapping them back to local
space, which will have the effect of computing the "clipped local rect" for
each display item:

[^clipping-notes]: This is very important, because otherwise some
composited layers can end up huge despite not drawing much to the screen.
A good example of this optimization making a big difference is loading the
browser from [Chapter 15](embeds.md) for the `browser.engineering` homepage,
where otherwise we would end up with an enormous composited layer for an
iframe.

> ]

Reviewer: Close paren unneeded, I think?
